I don't know what time whatever
receiving this message my name is dr.
Thomas light I am a scientist who
specializes in the field of robots if
you're viewing this you've discovered by
that heat heat what I'm about to say s
it's the first of a new generation of
robots that I have given the gift of
free will the ability to think feel make
decisions on its own however this
ability can be very dangerous if expert
to break the first rule from up that the
robots should never on a human being
if s to break this would I feel that the
results would be so disastrous that
there may not be a power on this earth
that could start I will seal s in this
capsule for approximately 30 years this
should be enough time
this way we can safely confirm his
reliability this castle will test his
internal systems until we can confirm
its reliability not open this capsule
until that time X possesses great risk
but also great possibilities I can only
hope for the best
and nine eight seven six five four three
two one
your reliability was in question but no
longer
you